fix: scientific notation for numbers in custom query (#345)
cognitedata/cognite-grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

This article documents the ongoing improvements we're making to the **Cognite
Data Source for Grafana**.

## 4.1.1 - February 14th, 2024

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue with the custum query where floats with more than 7 digits after decimal point where not supported

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the custom query where floats with more than 7 digits after the decimal point were not supported
```

> - Fixed an issue with the custom query where floats with more than 7 digits after the decimal point were not supported

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the custom query where floats with more than 7 digits after the decimal point were causing syntax error
```
